the four kilometers of wall that
separated the east radial from the
subway patriarch artur alvim e
corinthians-itaquera have a new face
70 artists are working hard to
turn this wall into the biggest graffiti
the open latin america
carolina is the creator of the project that
it's called 4km which is a theme of these
graffiti then the subject the people the people
talk about the artists and work on the
tourism is that the city of são
Paulo
football and Brazilian fans for the
people to take advantage of the opportunity
people have the vision some of the
organizers of the project that have
part of the choice of graffiti artists
will be part of the wall as it was made
this selection is the design
was created about two years ago and
the medium and the aim is to give new
here in the city and one of the
criteria of the regulation was which is
its authorial theme to the city of são
paulo the Brazilian fans to football and
several ideas were presented
projects and enter the best
It's your job, too.
exposed on this wall any temptation to
know that you are part of the larger
graffiti in open latin america
the feeling is very good to participate in
a big right wall that is the largest in
latin america and also with other
who also represents the graphite
not only the state of são paulo
but also from other states
your work is also walking
the wall and check how the
The work of these graffiti artists has
working today there are a lot of people
part of the patriarch has heard
Let's go by picking up a thread.
hello tv, your work has the colors of
Brazil that you are affecting me here in the
truth is more or less so the beginning
of the wall there is the Russian mobilization
of the Brazilian crowd in the pitch and such
going to the game and then the fans and
the entire length of the wall.
huh
and then going over the history of the
telling the whole story of
some Brazilian cities until
at the stadium
What do you set fire to your work?
here on this wall that will transform
in a tourist point of são paulo
the controversy that this first place that
I live in the East zone, not personally from here.
since i was born
It's a wall of the train line so it's a
something that symbolic in graphite it
We always want to paint.
those who have also been
very rewarding
for glory and four miles of wall
It takes a lot of ink to make this
work will be used 7 thousand sprays and
more than 10,000 liters of latex paint
being this great wall in the east is
a region little visited by tourists
you believe that only will make the
people come here and meet
To visit for sure, we have the
to a bicycle path, then the person
can also come to ride a bike is
admire art because it calls art né
graphite has the face of são paulo a geek
game good state of são paulo
I think the city had a little
stop painting the walls of
gray and leave a little more colorful
sao paulo breathes forward
the writing